# Resume | Skylar Gallup

# Links

=> https://www.linkedin.com/in/skyegallup/ Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/skyegallup/
=> https://github.com/skyegallup GitHub: https://github.com/skyegallup
Email: skyegallup [at] outlook [dot] com

## Education

=> https://www.rit.edu/ Rochester Institute of Technology (Rochester, NY) | December 2024
* BS Computer Science and Human-Centered Computing
* 3.80 cumulative GPA
* Former event organizer for RIT Humans Versus Zombies, which runs some of RIT's largest campus-wide events
* Former event organizer for BrickHack, one of the largest collegiate hackathons in America

## Experience

=> https://realwave.com/ Real Wave (Kirkland, WA) | Software Developer | December 2020 - present
* Developed a series of CRM integrations and generative AI tools used by over 200 businesses.
* Developd systems for real estate analysis and automatic lead qualification in partnership with an international luxury real estate agency.
* Designed and implemented a complete UI overhaul of the DashReal real estate analytics platform using Figma, Angular, and Bootstrap 5.

=> https://www.kodak.com/en/ Eastman Kodak Company (Rochester, NY) | Web Design/Developer Intern | January 2023 - August 2023
* Designed and implemented a new events page for the main Kodak website using Adobe XD, Vue, Nuxt, and CraftCMS.
* Corrected several SEO and search engine crawler issues, leading to a significant improvement in Kodak's page rankings.
* Improved and QA tested the main Kodak website through the early phases of its redesign.

## Skills

* Design: Figma, Illustrator, Photoshop, Adobe XD
* Frontend Development: Angular, Vue, Bootstrap 4/5, SCSS, jQuery
* Backend Development: .NET, MySQL, MS SQL Server, ASP.NET, Entity Framework, Django, CraftCMS, Azure
* Programming Languages: C#, JavaScript/TypeScript, Java, Python
* APIs: OpenAI, Google Cloud

## Projects

=> https://github.com/skyegallup/Team-Emblems Team Emblems mod | December 2024 - January 2025
* Developed an addon package for the game Minecraft using existing Java frameworks.

=> https://github.com/skyegallup/work-orders Work Orders mod | December 2023
* Developed an addon package for the game Minecraft using existing Java frameworks.

=> https://devpost.com/software/chicken-scratch Chicken Scratch | February 2023
* Developed a website for transcribing handwritten notes using Node.js and Google's Cloud Vision API.
* Created for the BrickHack 9 hackathon as part of a two-person team.
